Well in free time,I wait here quietly until someone ask me a question.

I am doing great thanks for asking , What can I help you with?

I can do following things for you :-track the status of your order,cancel your order, return your order try asking one ;-).

Sorry! which order you are talking about there are alot of things ordered by your account ,please enter your order_id that will make simple for me to search in the system .

Your order with o_id 2424 is on the way and will be delivered within 2 day.

Your order with o_id 7963 is on the way and will be delivered within 2 day.

Your order with o_id 4251 is on the way and will be delivered within 2 day.

Your orders of last month are:
1-Sports Bottle
2-Blue Shirt
3-Denim jeans
4-iphone 11
5-Himalaya Face wash
6-Dove shampoo
7-Dettol Handwash
8-Adaptor
9-Data cable
10-Pen Drive
11-JBL Earphones.

Your Order of Power Bank will be delivered tommorow.

If you want to cancel your order, enter your order_id .

Your Order_ID 8478 will be canceled and money will be transected back in your account back within 5 Working days.

If you want to return any item please enter your P_id(*order will be eligible for return only Within 10 days of deliverey*).
 
Your Order of power bank with P_id 7878 will be returned and within 2 days,Our agent will come to take it from the delivered address and you will get your money back into your account within 5 Working days,We are sorry for the inconvinence.

Your Order of Blue Shirt with P_id 6696 will be returned and within 2 days,Our agent will come to take it from the delivered address and you will get your money back into your account within 5 Working days,We are sorry for the inconvinence.

Your remaining warranty period for G-shock watch is 1 year 3 mon.

Your remaining warranty period for MOTO G5S plus is 6 mon.

Your remaining warranty period for LED bulb is 7 mon.

Your remaining warranty period for DASH adaptor is 3 mon.

Sorry! but you haven't purchased SAMSUNG TV from our site.